PORT-11900 Bitbucket App installation guide refactoring (#1845)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/bitbucket/bitbucket.md

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import BitbucketResources from './\_bitbucket_exporter_supported_resources.mdx'

# Bitbucket

Port's Bitbucket integration allows you to model Bitbucket resources in your software catalog and ingest data into them.

## Overview

This integration allows you to:

- Map and organize your desired Bitbucket resources and their metadata in Port (see supported resources below).
- Watch for Bitbucket object changes (create/update/delete) in real-time, and automatically apply the changes to your software catalog.
- Manage Port entities using GitOps.

### Supported resources

The resources that can be ingested from Bitbucket into Port are listed below.  
It is possible to reference any field that appears in the API responses linked below in the mapping configuration.

<BitbucketResources/>

## Setup

To install Port's Bitbucket app, follow these steps:

> 1. Go to [Bitbucket app installation page](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1229886/port-connector-for-bitbucket?hosting=cloud&tab=overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Bitbucket app installation page](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1229886/port-connector-for-bitbucket?hosting=cloud&tab=overview).
```

2. Click `Get it now`.

> 3. Select the workspace and click on `Grant access`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select your desired workspace and click on `Grant access`.
```
